    
    css link https://codepen.io/JestiferM/pen/BaZMoJz

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic HTML is HTML that describes itself (header, body, section)
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to make webpages, its the content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    a attribute is a modifier of an element it goes in front of the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the most important thing on the page like a title, it should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, src, alt
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    DOCTYPE
    7. What is an id? 
    id is identifying a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any HTML attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    The class global attribute is a space-separated list of the case-sensitive classes of the element
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="url">link text</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    its used as a description of the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is semantic a div is vague
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    css is the styling of the content its the design of the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    you just use the tag of the element (h1, h2, body, section, p)
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an class can be used alot a id should only be used once 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a parent child selector are attributes within attributes that inherit traits fom parent to child, its useful for preventing repetition
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    #sidebar div
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
     *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    ls
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    once its deleted its gone for good
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    you may want to  return to a previous version of your project
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname'
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    cd into lambdaassignments, git clone, cd into new respitory, git checkout -u 'firstname-lastname', code ., git add ., git commit -u 'changes', git push -u origin.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
